Minor fixes (#2382)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/secure/cross-origin-resource-sharing/index.md

### body

> The message itself. This could be plain text, an image binary, JSON, HTML, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The message itself. This could be plain text, an image binary, JSON, HTML, and so on.
```

Google Developer Documentation Style Guide instructs us to avoid `etc.` https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#letter-e
